Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
You never go anywhere without your soul.
Employees must wash hands before returning to work.
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
If you continually give you will continually have.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
You must be present to win.
If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
To love is good, love being difficult.
The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Happiness is a hard disk.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
While supplies last.
Contestants have been briefed on some questions before the show.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Sell by date stamped on bottom.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana.
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Everywhere I look I see NEGATIVITY and ASPHALT ...
Dyslexics have more fnu.
No postage necessary if mailed in the United States.
Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
This fortune is false.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
Most of your faults are not your fault.
Ring around the collar.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Sanitized for your protection.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
Keep refrigerated.
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
You might have mail.
The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.  Spike the office water cooler.
Equal bytes for women.
This fortune intentionally not included.
Whoever dies with the most toys wins.
The best things in life are for a fee.
Ignore previous fortune.
Preserve the old, but know the new.
Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.
No Canadian coins.
Eloquence is logic on fire.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
I will never lie to you.
Misuse may cause suffocation.
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.
Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.
Expedience is the best teacher.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
Keep out of reach of children.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
I will not forget you.
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
We make our mailing list available to selected organizations.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
Will stain.
At participating locations only.
A watched clock never boils.
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
We can predict everything, except the future.
The early worm gets the bird.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You enjoy the company of other people.
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
Biz is better.
Here I am at the flea market but nobody is buying my urine sample bottles ...
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
First pull up, then pull down.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
Death before dishonor.  But neither before breakfast.
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
We are what we are.
Falling rock.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Keep away from fire or flame.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Positively no smoking.
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.  This is called Monotony.
As seen on TV.
Money is its own reward.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
A pencil with no point needs no eraser.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
Package sold by weight, not volume.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
Neutrinos are into physicists.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
My mind is a potato field ...
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
The bigger the theory the better.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
Celebrity voices impersonated.
System restarting, wait...
Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Heisenberg might have been here.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
Include me out.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Some restrictions may apply.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Do not pick the flowers.
It was all so different before everything changed.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
sillema sillema nika su
This unit... must... survive.
Murphy was an optimist.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Stamp out philately.
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Protect from light.
Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Vanilla wafer.
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Question authority.
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
Do not dry clean.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
Programmers do it bit by bit.
A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.
Polymer physicists are into chains.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
I have a very good DENTAL PLAN.  Thank you.
You love peace.
Happiness is the greatest good.
For internal use only.
The world is not octal despite DEC.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Prunes give you a run for your money.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
No passing zone.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
try again
The bogosity meter just pegged.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
The bug starts here.
Returns for store credit only.
This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.
Function reject.
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Do not use or store near heat or open flame.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
For external use only.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Women are just like men, only different.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
Clones are people two.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
I am a jelly donut.  I am a jelly donut.
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
You will be married within a year.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
No animals were injured.
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
... with liberty and justice for all ... who can afford it.
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Monitor not included.
Depart in pieces, i.e., split.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
One planet is all you get.
You are false data.
There Is No Cabal.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
We can defeat gravity.  The problem is the paperwork involved.
All celebrity voices impersonated.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Hire the morally handicapped.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
Another megabytes the dust.
The second best policy is dishonesty.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
You will soon forget this.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.
Make a wish, it might come true.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
... bleakness ... desolation ... plastic forks ...
There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
PURGE COMPLETE.
Exact change only.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
Tax and title extra.
Do not drink and drive.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
Available while quantities last.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
The absent ones are always at fault.
He who hesitates is last.
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Connection reset by some moron with a backhoe
When the cup is full, carry it level.
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
Driver does not carry cash.
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
Take everything in stride.  Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Some people carve careers, others chisel them.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
You will never know hunger.
Please come again.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
Pardon me while I laugh.
In space, no one can hear you fart.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
Your lucky color has faded.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
Might not be suitable for persons suffering from weak hearts.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Power is poison.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
This is not an offer to sell securities.
Colors may fade.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
In specially marked packages only.
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
PEGGY FLEMMING is stealing BASKET BALLS to feed the babies in VERMONT.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Basic is a high level languish.  APL is a high level anguish.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
You will be divorced within a year.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
This is a good time to punt work.
O.K., fine.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Simulated picture.
Power is the finest token of affection.
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
A couch is as good as a chair.
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.
To be is to program.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
Start the day with a smile.  After that you can be your nasty old self again.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Avoid contact with skin.
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
The reward for working hard is more hard work.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
Give him an evasive answer.
Sign here without admitting guilt.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Minimum charge for booths.
I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.
Stay the curse.
Here there be tygers.
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Shading within a garment may occur.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
A modem is a baudy house.
I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Life is like an analogy.
Formatted to fit your screen.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You look tired.
As famous as the unknown soldier.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Sorry never means having your say to love.
Please remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop.
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
No stopping or standing.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
Post office will not deliver without proper postage.
To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
Show night or time may vary in your market.
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Courage is your greatest present need.
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
No guts, no glory.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
Not affiliated with the American Red Cross.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
Vax Vobiscum
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  And now you know why.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Check here if tax deductible.
People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Heisenberg may have slept here...
Pay toll ahead.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
I never did it that way before.
Multics is security spelled sideways.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Keep out of the sunlight.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
Dull women have immaculate homes.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Your mileage may vary.
This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
Offer may end without notice.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.
A shapely CATHOLIC SCHOOLGIRL is FIDGETING inside my costume..
Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.
Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money.
No alcohol, dogs or horses.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
The Moral Majority is neither.
Real Users never use the Help key.
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Turn off engine while fueling.
Use a pun, go to jail.
New systems generate new problems.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Causes moderate eye irritation.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
Prices subject to change without notice.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Ship it.
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space ...
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
Times approximate.
I marvel at the strength of human weakness.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
For adult education nothing beats children.
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
Shut off engine before fueling.
Be sociable. Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
A soft drink turneth away company.
If you fail to plan, plan to fail.